# Final Report for the Security Summit Project

## Project Overview

This long-term project invites you to propose, implement, evaluate, and present
your own advanced project in the field of computer security. In addition to
requiring the completion of a significant and innovative software tool, this
project invites you to complete a series of presentations and reports. Your
long-term project should clearly demonstrate a "security synapse" both through
the connection between high-level concepts and their low-level implementation
and technical concepts discussed in the course and their practical application
to the secure use of real-world computer software. You may use external sources,
including artificial intelligence coding assistants and online forums, during
the completion of this project provided that you cite these sources and explain
how you used them to complete the various components of your long-term project.

## final report Instructions

Provide a brief final reports about your progress on the security summit
project. Please note that, in addition to ensuring that your GitHub repository
has a passing build, the course instructor will also confirm that you have
adequately answered all of the questions by providing meaningful responses to
each of them. It is important to note that if you do not provide satisfactory
answers to all of these questions you will not earn a satisfactory assessment
of your security synapse project's final report.

TODO: You should delete all of the prompts in this file so as to ensure that the
final document is a comprehensive final report for your security synapse project.

## Security Summit Project Update

### Add Your Name Here

TODO: Make sure to include your name in the above heading.

### Summary Checklist

TODO: Please create a filled checkbox for each update task that you completed

TODO: Please do not fill in the checkbox if you did not complete the task

- [] Explored various topics in the field of computer security
- [] Gave a list of the overall scientific and engineering goals for the project
- [] Wrote a project abstract with both an overview and the expected contributions
- [] Explained the ways in which the project's topic evolved since its proposal
- [] Furnished a demonstration of project feasibility through explained code
- [] Overviewed at least one empirical result from your preliminary experiments
- [] Gave a list of tasks that you plan to complete after the final report
- [] Explained how the project has helped you to achieve learning outcomes

### Project Update

#### What is the final topic that you selected for your security summit project?

TODO: Write one or two sentences that offer an overview of your topic, explain
what you are going to build, and describe how you are going to evaluate it. What
you furnish in this sub-section of the update should include a few more
details than the topic list that you provided in the previous sub-section.

- **Chosen Topic**: 

#### What are the ways in which your project's topic evolved since its proposal?

TODO: Write a one-paragraph description of how your project's topic evolved since
you first proposed it. This response should explain how your project's topic
changed from both a high-level perspective and in terms of the specific
technical details that are central to the completion of your project.

#### What are the updated scientific and/or engineering goals for your chosen project?

TODO: Provide a list of at least three goals for your chosen project. Each goal
that you provide should have a clear noun and verb. Whenever it is possible to
do so, please make sure that you do not write any of these goals in passive
voice as that would obscure the overall contributions of your project.

#### What is the updated abstract of your project?

TODO: Write a one-paragraph abstract that overviews your long-term project and
the expected outcomes. The content that you write here should be written and
formatted like the abstract of a scientific paper published in an ACM or IEEE
conference in the field of computer security. The one different between an
abstract that you read in a published research paper and this abstract is that
the one you are writing here will reference expected research results and a
published paper will explain the results from a completed study.

#### What parts of your project have you already designed and implemented?

TODO: Write a one or two paragraph response to this question. Your response
should highlight the names of the system components that you are going to build,
the way in which you are going to design each specific component, and then a
checklist of steps that you will take to actually implement and test that
component. Whenever possible, please make sure that you state the specific
implementation frameworks, programming languages, and tools that you will use to
design and implement each component in your proposed system. Please make it 
clear how your response connects to the parts of the system that you have
already implemented since the proposal of your project.

#### Please pick one source code segment you have already implemented and explain it.

TODO: Using your project's chosen implementation language, please provide a
source code segment in a fenced code block. Then, write at least one paragraph
that explains the key features of the code segment that you have already
implemented. When appropriate, explain what was technically challenging and/or
interesting about the provided source code segment.

#### What is some preliminary experimental evidence arising from your project?

TODO: Write a response with one or two paragraphs that overview an interesting
empirical study that you have conducted and result arising from it. Whenever
possible, your response to this question should furnish data (through a fenced
code block or a table) that supports the claims that you are making about
various aspects of the efficiency, effectiveness, or security of your approach.
